When I just a little baby boy
My momma used to tell me these crazy things
She used to tell me my daddy was an evil man
She used to tell me he hated me
But then I got a little bit older
And I realized she was the crazy one
But there was nothin' I could do or say to try to change it
'Cause that's just the way she was
They said I can't rap about bein' broke no more
They ain't say I can't rap about coke no more (ah)
Slut, you think I won't choke no whore
'Til the vocal cords don't work in her throat no more? (Ah)
These motherfuckers are thinkin' I'm playin'
Thinkin' I'm sayin' the shit 'cause I'm thinkin' it just to be sayin' it (ah)
Put your hands down bitch, I ain't gon' shoot you
I'ma pull you to this bullet, and put it through you (ah)
Shut up slut, you're causin' too much chaos
Just bend over and take it like a slut, okay Ma!?
Oh, now he's raping his own mother, abusing a whore
Snorting coke, and we gave him the Rolling Stone cover?
You goddamn right, bitch, and now it's too late
I'm triple platinum and tragedies happen' in two states
I invented violence, you vile venomous volatile bitches
Vain Vicodin, vrinn vrinn, vrinn
Texas Chainsaw, left his brains all
Danglin' from his neck, while his head barely hangs on
Blood, guts, guns, cuts
Knives, lives, wives, nuns, sluts




Bitch I'ma kill you
You don't wanna fuck with me
Girls neither, you ain't nothin' but a slut to me
Bitch I'ma kill you
You ain't got the balls to beef
We ain't gon' never stop beefin' I don't squash the beef
You better kill me
I'ma be another rapper dead
For poppin' off at the mouth with shit I shouldn't have said
But when they kill me
I'm bringin' the world with me
Bitches too, you ain't nothin' but a girl to me
I said you don't
Wanna fuck with Shady
('Cause why?)
'Cause Shady, will fuckin' kill you
(Ah-haha)
I said you don't
Wanna fuck with Shady
(Why?)
'Cause Shady, will fuckin' kill you
Bitch I'ma kill you! Like a murder weapon, I'ma conceal you
In a closet with mildew, sheets, pillows and film you
Fuck with me, I've been through hell, shut the hell up
I'm tryin' to develop these pictures of the Devil to sell 'em
I ain't ask to rap, but I rap on acid
Got a new blow-up doll and just had a strap-on added
Whoops! Is that a subliminal hint? No
Just criminal intent to sodomize women again
Eminem offend?
No! Eminem'll insult
And if you ever give in to him, you give him an impulse
To do it again
Then, if he does it again
You'll probably end up jumpin' out of somethin' up on the 10th
Bitch I'ma kill you, I ain't done this ain't the chorus
I ain't even drug you in the woods yet to paint the forest
A bloodstain is orange after you wash it three or four times in a tub
But that's normal ain't it Norman?
Serial killer hidin' murder material in a cereal box on top of your stereo
Here we go again, we're out of our medicine
Out of our minds, and we want in yours, let us in
Or I'ma kill you
